Issues:

-how to: show bookings calendar online/ smart tv showing what is when booked
-proposed solution: save screenshot image in dropbox
-can we print on mac???

-how to keep track of late returns? what to do when an item is returned? update system?
otherwise, quantity may be incorrectly shown
rejected solution: the payments like scene. when item returned, do another form
proposed solution: keep check for returned in system. when item is returned, open form and update it to tell the database that it has been returned.
for items not returned, or late, keep track. emails, prints, reports.


Changes:

return time at 9am. penalty.
booking starts at noon.

allow extension of due date

disclaimer
dropdowns

bookings can be made for staff or faculty as well.
out of campus or in campus bookings: for off campus: email Ali Dad Shah for gatepass issuance
if on campus, only notify talha and student

categorised as brand name followed by model no

mark late bookings. mark received items. list of items to be returned daily

keep margin for late return and charging time


Additions:

for multiple similar bookings, allow option to save as a new booking with slight changes in issuance dates

mark late bookings. mark received items. list of items to be returned daily

allow extension of due date

for booking form buttons:
save, print, notify std and mgr when booked

each camera has battery, charger, card must, plus some extra bags
when add camera, add battery, and card
can have extra cards batteries too

printing

calendar view. for all bookings summary

3 different colors in calendar for std purple, stff yellow, faculty white

calendar sends reminder email to film studio address and std. 15 mins before booking
out of campus or in campus bookings: for off campus: email Ali Dad Shah for gatepass issuance
if on campus, only notify talha and student

mention color and booking type on bookings form

another form for booking spaces: 3 studios: production studio, sound studio, color grading room
when book sound room: book sound related equipment
when book production room: book lights equipment
no prints needed for room. show in calendar
basic booking: slots
9-12
12-3
3-6
date
who books it? std/staff/ faculty
show in calendar

students database maintained by us

update courses and instructors lists from ro

generate reports for bookings between dates. who what when isReturned?

-calendar view. shows events summarised like in pic

-send approval email when booked

-when typing equipment name in booking, show suggestions

-get id when name of student entered in booking

-show history of student's bookings when name entered


Queries:


Other:

-how to run app on mac??
will get windows laptop from IT for this

add notes
add equipment, sd, batteries

-how does the booking form currently feel? what more to be added?
discussed

-discrepencies between booking form picture and excel. what to put, note down
form is correct. ignore others like excel or that pic of a form

-do we need to distinguish equipment in terms of type? camera, lens, tripod or light
no, make just 1 category. will track by model

-what are remarks? are they needed? optional?
keep remarks

-what is Sr. Inventory? is this different from Sr. ?
dont keep sr inventory

-show student details next to time date in bookings form
dont need address. need contact. get system date time for booking

-st id, st name, equipment, qty booked, 
